# Origin Story

I (Drew) had recently started to use Apple notes on my mac and iphone, and it's really very good for what I want. The triggering event that started all of this was I wanted to use it at work, but all the synchronization mechanisms between devices were disabled by IT policy. I looked at a number of these sorts of apps, and they wanted to sync with their own service, and my mindset is: we have Google Drive, there should be a way to syncrhonize just using that. I don't need super real time as my main use case is using this myself on multiple devices.

I was aware of off the shelf CRDT stuff, and I was at a Staff Summit for Datadog (as that's where I work), and was speaking to Justin Hileman who I worked with on Dropbox Paper previous to this, and he said "you've got the paper curse". The curse being is that having used Dropbox Paper, it's spoiled us on just about everything else in the space. And he's not wrong. Google Docs makes me sad everyday as it's still primarily targeting printed materials, which is not something that we commonly do today in 2025. Not that we never do it, it's just rare. And so more rich content abilities are wanted, like unfurls, embeds, and so on; as well as #tagging, rich todo management, and a bunch of other stuff.

I've not been good at UX for pretty much my entire career. However, for a work project, I needed to make one and discovered Claude Artifact. With a bit of work, I was able to get a UI I was happy with, but it couldn't be made to use the widget set that I needed it to use. So as an experiment, I thought "hmm, claude code probably knows about claude artifact, let's see if we can make one and teach it about the widgets I need". Outside of some stupid issues with auth because I'm stupid, not claude, I had an mvp in a few hours, and one that was able to generate the UI I wanted with everything I wanted in 3 days. I wrote one line of code which was "make it look professional" in the system prompt. So the idea of building NoteCove seemed achievable even though it's the sort of thing that's entirely outside of my wheelhouse.

So I gave it a swing on a random Sunday morning, and got a very simple version of the app up and running pretty quickly. I then ran out of Claude and had to upgrade to Max, lol.
